README.md, before:

# Machine Learning with Python - TensorFlow

Meu repositório de códigos e anotações do curso [Machine Learning with Python - TensorFlow](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/machine-learning-with-python/tensorflow/) oferecido pelo FreeCodeCamp. O curso ensina conceitos fundamentais de aprendizado de máquina utilizando a biblioteca TensorFlow.

## 📌 Conteúdo

O curso cobre os seguintes tópicos:
- Introdução ao TensorFlow
- Algoritmos de Machine Learning
- Redes Neurais Artificiais
- Redes Neurais Convolucionais (CNNs)
- Redes Neurais Recorrentes (RNNs)
- Processamento de Linguagem Natural (NLP)
- Aprendizado por Reforço (Q-learning)
- Transfer Learning e Fine-Tuning


## 📜 Referências

- [Documentação do TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
- [Curso no FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/machine-learning-with-python/tensorflow/)


## 📜 Licença

Este projeto está sob a licença MIT - veja o arquivo [LICENSE](LICENSE) para mais detalhes.

---
Desenvolvido por [Seu Nome](https://github.com/seu-usuario) 🚀

Commit message:

reorganize repo, update readme, added requirements and finished q-learning

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning with Python - TensorFlow

This repository contains code, exercises and personal notes from the [FreeCodeCamp Machine Learning with Python (TensorFlow)](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/machine-learning-with-python/tensorflow/) course. It serves as a reference for learning and practicing machine learning concepts using TensorFlow.

## 📌 Course Overview

This course covers fundamental concepts in machine learning and deep learning, using TensorFlow to build and train models. Topics include:
- TensorFlow Basics
- Machine Learning Algorithms
- Neural Networks and Deep Learning
- Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs)
- Natural Language Processing (NLP)
- Reinforcement Learning

## 🛠️ Requirements

To run the code in this repository, ensure you have the following installed: 
(When in Windows, I recommend to run in a WSL environment)
- Python 3.7+
- TensorFlow {and-cuda}
- NumPy
- Pandas
- Matplotlib
- All [requirements](requirements.txt)

## 📖 Additional Resources

- [TensorFlow Documentation](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
- [FreeCodeCamp ML with Python](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/machine-learning-with-python/)

---
Develped by [Igor Monteiro](https://github.com/IgorG-Monteiro) 🚀
